README.md, before:

# spacey

Reflection

Requirements met:
- Each section is wrapped in correct semantic tags & includes <header>, <nav>, <footer>
- Implemented CSS absolute position to overlay text on an image(background)
- Utilised CSS flexbox to create a responsive webpage
- all images are implemented using local src file paths

Stretch requirements met:
- Created a back to top button
- Implemented smooth scrolling
- Implemented hover effects on buttons & nav items
- Created a basic footer with social media icons which link to spacex social pages

Other:
- I could have made the website more responsive; probably would have started with a mobile display & built up from there if i was to start again.
- The most difficult task was getting the navbar position right & getting it to behave how I want it to.
- css-tricks was useful & I discovered the "white-space" property which came in handy in fixing an error of my navbar wrapping as the display shrank. However this then caused a whitespace issue on smaller displays so I used a media query to hide the culprit (navbar) on smaller displays only.
- The background image choice was not the best in some sections due to the white text sometimes getting lost, again on smaller displays, but I wanted to remain close to the source doc (spacex.com), so persisted with the white text.

Commit message:

This commit updates some background positioning to ensure white text is not lost in the background on smaller displays

README.md, after:

# spacey

Reflection

Requirements met:
- Each section is wrapped in correct semantic tags & includes <header>, <nav>, <footer>
- Implemented CSS absolute position to overlay text on an image(background)
- Utilised CSS flexbox to create a responsive webpage
- all images are implemented using local src file paths

Stretch requirements met:
- Created a back to top button
- Implemented smooth scrolling
- Implemented hover effects on buttons & nav items
- Created a basic footer with social media icons which link to spacex social pages

Other:
- I could have made the website more responsive; probably would have started with a mobile display & built up from there if i was to start again.
- The most difficult task was getting the navbar position right & getting it to behave how I want it to.
- css-tricks was useful & I discovered the "white-space" property which came in handy in fixing an error of my navbar wrapping as the display shrank. However this then caused a whitespace issue on smaller displays so I used a media query to hide the culprit (navbar) on smaller displays only.
- The background image choice was not the best in some sections due to the white text sometimes getting lost, but I've updated the positioning on smaller devices to fix this issue.
